AFRAID ROBOT:

It's so peaceful here...

I almost don't want to leave...

I suppose I'm afraid if I did,
I wouldn't be able to return

But I know I must...

Maybe there's a route I could take that would 
guide me safely?

Or maybe someone will come to guide me?

Until then I'll wait...

STRESSED ROBOT:

This path was so convenient

Without it, navigating through the forest
would have been so difficult

And yet, having followed the path so many have trodden,

I learned nothing.

I don't even know why I followed the path to begin with.

Do you?

I suppose it just seemed like the easiest option, but in retrospect-

It was also the least fulfilling...

I had hoped the destination would justify the journey-

How naive of me to think such.

Here couldn't be futher from satisfactory...

I didn't even realise my mistake until it was too late...

What a meaningless path.

WISE ROBOT:

Ah, welcome to here, wherever we are!

Please, take a seat.

Congratulations on finding your way :)

I'm not entirely sure how I ended up here myself...

Nor am I sure where I'll be going next...

But that's the beauty of forging your own path:
You get to choose!

I knew that following the trodden path 
would only lead to dissatisfaction and mediocraty

And I knew were I to stay put at the cosy fire,
I would be depriving myself of this wonderous forest

So I made my own fire, here in the uncharted
heart of it all!

Sure, I'm more at risk of getting lost here-
but dosen't that make it all the more exiting?

I mean, whilst I'm here in the forest I may
as well make the most of it.

Otherwise why are we even here?
To ignore everything around us?

If this forest is all we get to experience, 
then our experience here is the only thing that matters.

If this forest has no principles, 
the only principles relevant are the ones we decide on.

If this forest has no purpose, 
then we get to dictate what its purpose is!

We are truly free in a forest-sized playground!
What more could one want?!

All that is to say: we may as well aim to be happy,
and best use the limited time we have remaining here.

Do the things that make you feel good. 

You get to decide whatever this means for you.